So we had an elder meeting last week, last Sunday, and
And, um,
I just want to share with you, I was in Phoenix when the women's tea was going on.
And they sent me pictures. And then... And then...
I got a text this morning from someone who wanted to come to the service. They said,
There's a junior high meet, do they
Come to the service or they meet elsewhere? I said, you know, I have no idea.
I don't even know who was in charge of the tea. I know my wife was there.
My kids were there, but I...
I don't know what's going on in this church day in and day out. I don't know how many ministries there are.
Um, because for the last two and a half years, um,
Rick has been training the staff and one in particular Micah.
to oversee it all which mike has done and we have we've placed him in that position.
Um,
And so Rick and I were talking and
We decided to acknowledge Micah for what he already has been.
I'm not leaving. Please understand that. I'm not going anywhere. But I'm going to
in eighteen months.
Micah will become the senior pastor
of god speak and i will be pastor emeritus so a lot of you are shocked you think i'm leaving i'm not just back off i'm still going to do exactly what i'm doing now.
Um,
But Micah...
The man deserves the title of the job he's already been doing.
And I love this young guy and Rick, they're not responding. I'm a little worried.
Why don't you
well it's our job to raise up the next generation. paul the apostle had his timothy's and his titus's and moses had joshua elijah had elisha. this is
This is how ministry continues perpetually from generation to generation. It's not a one generation then done. And so,
One of the things that really fumbles is at the baton exchange, like a relay race. And so that's what we're doing at this time and training up. And we could...
I mean, we couldn't have, you know, the...
Rob and I, between the two of us, have been serving the Lord for about 80 years. Tells you how old we are. But Rick's got 60 of those.
Rob's seven months older than I, so we're...
Hard to tell. The brothers from a different mother.
But,
I just want you guys to know,
when rob asked me to come because he the lord really opened up a door for him in an incredible way on a national level and i came to help with the staff.
and to raise them up not knowing what I was really going to be dealing with
And yet you guys have this, uh,
uh real true diamond in micah stevens who happens to be his son-in-law as well that doesn't always work that way it's not an epitaphism thing it's an anointing thing
Thing.
and that is the work and the grace of god on a mica's life and honestly. real quick, mica was hired.
before he fell in love with my daughter.
So, no nepotism there.
He's got a sheer attraction. And the boy's got good taste. He does. He does.
So I just want to encourage you guys as well as Rob for raising up such a fine young man in the ministry. He's been on staff for some 13, 14 years.
14 years already started at the age of 17. And so he knows all of the, I mean, Micah has more gifting than talent in one pant leg than I got in my whole body. Yeah.
And so, and that's, you usually don't have that when somebody's stepping up. So I'm just so excited to be a part of this process to invest in Mike Aza's sponge.
Sponge. Anything I share with him, he just immediately takes it and runs with it and makes it better. And that's what you want. So this is a very, very exciting season.
Reason for the future of the ministry here at God Speak.
so, ah, ah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's time to celebrate.
So at 18 months, which is going to be July of 2020,
Five, yeah.
If I'm around, no, I'm not kidding. I'm healthy as an ox.
but ah in in july of twenty twenty five michael will assume the position of senior pastor in the process of those eighteen months.
Rick is going to be working with the staff and developing them. I'll be doing the same thing. I'll still be covering the 9 and 11.
and i won't i won't be doing anything differently and even after the eighteen months.
I won't do anything differently unless Micah says so because he's going to be the senior pastor.
And you're not going to go around him. He's going to be running the entire show, but I'm not going anywhere.
I'm still going to remain here.
and he may want me to preach, he may not, but that's up to him. I mean, it's just...
i want i want micah and molly to come on up so you guys will know who they are and you can be praying for them and encouraging them. come on up you guys.
So I, I had proposed this to Micah, Ah, Rick and I then shared it with him.
and ah you know he.
He was a little nervous, but he's up to the task. And I loved watching as his mind started to process.
Of how that would work out and
i i marvel at how gifted he is when i first heard him leading worship i thought how terrible he was.
And then God anointed him, and he's the best worship leader in the country as far as I'm concerned.
Yeah, amen.
and then we he he didn't have a lot of opportunities to teach because he's leading worship but then rick you you threw him to the wolves a few times which is cool and he rose to the occasion and
And he,
It's irritating how good he is at it because
I had to work really hard to get somewhat decent, and he's really good at it. And then again,
the one thing i have that has caused me great success in life is i'm married well well doggone it he did too and uh
And so they have a lovely family and.
i'm just blessed by micah what do you have to say to the folks?
Well, open your Bibles, and we're going to be talking.
No, plenty of time to do that, but...
I'm overwhelmed with...
God's mercy and his grace.
We're just reading in Psalm 136, his mercy endures forever.
and.
Um,
I'm excited. I'm so excited. The first couple times I got asked to teach, I was a nervous wreck and
I didn't want to do it.
And.
God surprised me in
equipping me and showing me that it actually is my calling and I'm excited and more excited than I've ever been to do anything in my life except for
I fixed that in my right mind. And so I'm stoked. 741, someone's baby is in the nursery and they're going crazy.
Okay, you got it? Perfect. Just keep in track, everything. Whose baby was it?
Now, thank you guys. Like Pastor Rick said, I've been here for 13 years.
I've
Mike, two of my five kids have been baptized here. I am more excited than ever to lead you guys and thank you.
God is good and like Kasarov says all the time we're not up here because we're the most eloquent speakers we're not up here because we're the most studied there are people in this congregation that can preach better
Reach better sermons, people in this congregation that can lead better worship. But this is just God's way.
God's way of using the foolish things of the world to confound the wisdom otherwise amen
And we're not special because we're up here.
We're just here because we said yes to what God called us to do. And so I'm excited. I love you guys. You guys are amazing. Hey, man, Rick, why don't you break for him?
Father, we.
Feel so blessed.
To see your anointing going to this next generation.
Lord, we thank you for Micah and Molly.
We thank you for their
Five beautiful children.
And we ask for the anointing of the Spirit to fall upon these two, to strengthen them,
And bolster them for the calling and the gifting. Lord, we pray for that double portion, that double anointing upon him.
And this family,
to take God's speak
to new heights, Lord, and we rejoice in advance for how you're going to do it.
What you're gonna do and who you're gonna do it with as the team grows as we continue to move forward Lord you endure from generation to generation
And we worship you
As we see the next generation rising up and saying, as for me and my house,
We're going to serve the Lord. In Jesus' name, amen. Amen.
Thank you.